<selectedcontent>: update to description and specification (#40501)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/reference/elements/selectedcontent/index.md

> [!WARNING]
> As browser cloning updates to the `<selectedcontent>` element only occurs on `change`, dynamic modifications to the selected `<option>` element's content made after the `<select>` element has been created are not automatically cloned to the `<selectedcontent>` element. These must be manually updated by the developer. In particular, this may cause issues with sites that use popular front-end JavaScript frameworks where {{htmlelement("option")}} elements are dynamically updated after creation, as these updates will not be cloned to the `<selectedcontent>` element.

### Inertness

As the `<selectedcontent>` element is rendered inside a `<button>`, and the `<button>` element when rendered inside a `<select>` is rendered [inert](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Global_attributes/inert), all the `<button>` contents, including the `<selectedcontent>`, are inert by default.

### Styling with CSS

> You can target the currently selected `<option>` element's content as it appears inside the select button with CSS styles, without affecting the styling of the content of the `<option>` that was cloned.

Author: used some of what you wrote. The contents of the currently selected `<option>` can change without the clone chaning, so didn't use the first half, but incorporated the second half of your suggestion. Thank you

> [!WARNING]
> Since the browser updates `<selectedcontent>` only when the selected `<option>` changes, any dynamic modifications to the content of the selected `<option>` after the `<select>` is rendered won't be cloned to `<selectedcontent>`. You'll need to update `<selectedcontent>` manually. Watch out if you're using any of the popular front-end JavaScript frameworks where `<option>` elements are updated dynamically after the initial render–the result may not match what you expect in `<selectedcontent>`.

### `<selectedcontent>` inertness

By default, any `<button>` inside a `<select>` element is [inert](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Global_attributes/inert). As a result, all content inside that button—including `<selectedcontent>`—is also inert.
This means users can't interact with or focus on content inside `<selectedcontent>`.

### Styling the selected option's content with CSS

> You can target the currently selected `<option>` element's content as it appears inside the select button with CSS styles, without affecting the styling of the content of the `<option>` that was cloned.

Author: ```suggestion
You can target the currently selected `<option>` element's content as it appears inside the select button with CSS styles. This lets you customize how the selected option appears in the button, separately from how it appears in the drop-down list, as it doesn't affect the styling of the content of the `<option>` that was cloned.
```
